_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Revise about page content and configuration

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: # <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi! I’m a research engineer in scientific machine learning. My background combines computational physics, applied statistics, and machine learning.

In 2018, I completed a PhD under the supervision of [Johann Guilleminot](https://cee.duke.edu/people/johann-guilleminot/) in uncertainty quantification for computational mechanics, with applications to biological systems. My research focused on the stochastic modeling of patient-specific constitutive equations for soft biological tissues and surrogate models for multiscale mechanics.

Since then, I have worked as a research engineer on aeronautical and defense applications, specializing in scientific machine learning. For nearly six years, my work has centered on developing surrogate models to accelerate engineering design. I have dedicated most of my time to deep learning approaches such as graph neural networks, kernel methods, and uncertainty quantification techniques, including Bayesian inference and conformal prediction. I also have experience in industrial anomaly detection.

I am deeply curious and always eager to learn, thriving on new challenges that push me to explore different domains and methodologies. Whether it’s tackling a complex problem, experimenting with new algorithms, or diving into an unfamiliar field, I really enjoy expanding my knowledge, or at least I try to. I also enjoy developing scientific software in Python, C++, and recently Rust (we all make mistakes).
