_pages/repositories.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /repositories/
title: repositories
description: Edit the `_data/repositories.yml` and change the `github_users` and `github_repos` lists to include your own GitHub profile and repositories.
nav: true
nav_order: 4
---

{% if site.data.repositories.github_users %}

## GitHub users

<div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% for user in site.data.repositories.github_users %}
    {% include repository/repo_user.liquid username=user %}
  {% endfor %}
</div>

---

{% if site.repo_trophies.enabled %}
{% for user in site.data.repositories.github_users %}
{% if site.data.repositories.github_users.size > 1 %}

  <h4>{{ user }}</h4>
  {% endif %}
  <div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% include repository/repo_trophies.liquid username=user %}
  </div>

---

{% endfor %}
{% endif %}
{% endif %}

{% if site.data.repositories.github_repos %}

## GitHub Repositories

<div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% for repo in site.data.repositories.github_repos %}
    {% include repository/repo.liquid repository=repo %}
  {% endfor %}
</div>
{% endif %}

Commit message:

Revise repositories page with new project details
Updated the repositories page to reflect new project titles and descriptions, changing 'repositories' to 'software' and adding sections for current projects, experiments, and older projects.

_pages/repositories.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /repositories/
title: software
description:
nav: true
nav_order: 4
---

{% if site.data.repositories.github_users %}

## GitHub users

<div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% for user in site.data.repositories.github_users %}
    {% include repository/repo_user.liquid username=user %}
  {% endfor %}
</div>

---

{% if site.repo_trophies.enabled %}
{% for user in site.data.repositories.github_users %}
{% if site.data.repositories.github_users.size > 1 %}

  <h4>{{ user }}</h4>
  {% endif %}
  <div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% include repository/repo_trophies.liquid username=user %}
  </div>

---

{% endfor %}
{% endif %}
{% endif %}

{% if site.data.repositories.github_repos %}

## Projets

**Projects I'm currently working on**:

- [rustineers](https://github.com/bstaber/rustineers): A collection of crates to learn Rust with applied sciences. I try to comment and explain my journey in a small [book](https://bstaber.github.io/rustineers/) that goes with it.
- [plaid](https://github.com/PLAID-lib/plaid): An open-source project developped by my colleagues.
- [cppxplorers](https://github.com/bstaber/cppxplorers): A C++ mono-repository playground. There's a [book](https://bstaber.github.io/cppxplorers) I try to fill as well.
- [kernax](https://gitlab.com/drti/kernax): A small JAX-based package that implements kernel methods. I've been refactoring that library a bit.
- [pbnn](https://github.com/bstaber/pbnn): A code that benchmarks UQ methods for neural networks in JAX and PyTorch. I'm cleaning this up as well.
- [Python lecture notes](https://bstaber.github.io/ensai-2a-prog-alg-ml/): Some lecture notes for a lecture I give about implementing algorithms in Python. I'm trying out marp.
- [Marimo notebooks](https://bstaber.github.io/python-ml-tutorials-marimo/): Some notebooks that go along with the lecture notes. Trying to make nice visual examples.

**Experimenting**:
- [uv python monorepo](https://github.com/bstaber/uv-monorepo-example): I made a template for a python mono-repository setup with `uv`. I added all the tools I like to use right now. It can easily be used as a standard repository too.
- [endurance](https://github.com/bstaber/endurance): An example of python playground based on the above template.

**Older stuff**:

- [TrilinosUQComp](https://github.com/bstaber/TrilinosUQComp): A 3D parallel finite element solver I made during my PhD thesis. It relies on [Trilinos](https://trilinos.github.io/) and good old `Epetra` (which is deprecated now). It was my first C++ project, it has several flaws but I was happy with it! Nowadays I would probably use [Spack](https://spack.io/) and rewrite the finite element solvers with [Kokkos](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos)/[Tpetra](https://trilinos.github.io/tpetra.html).
- [BaTorch](https://gitlab.com/drti/batorch): A code for benchmarking Bayesian neural networks with PyTorch and [Hydra](https://hydra.cc/) We implemented several Bayesian methods for deep neural networks, and kernel-based distances stuff like the maximum mean discrepancy and the kernelized Stein discrepancy. It is outdated but I plan to use Hydra again in another project.

<div class="repositories d-flex flex-wrap flex-md-row flex-column justify-content-between align-items-center">
  {% for repo in site.data.repositories.github_repos %}
    {% include repository/repo.liquid repository=repo %}
  {% endfor %}
</div>
{% endif %}
